penalties soccer internapoli.it thanks fashion store. sardara municipality
I have the possibility to review new samsung
twitter what we see now first unboxing ipod nano a parabita
display let's say the interfaces determine
however I was really really pleasantly surprised because
I'm just supposed to have done a great cup job anyway
capitulate in a little study it
this is the terminal
moreover, we have inside package
we have the classics
excavations
we therefore have the
charger with micro sd
the micro sd cable that connects to the computer
pavia, rivoli
send color guarantee excellent sound quality
and I am really or really of excellent quality
so we have killer - land does not respond to the call unfortunately not
comes wired remote to keep going back in time,
inside we see now terminal
the terminal you want very thin
however on the theater it has a processor from which it is thanked so it is very very powerful
we have the 5 megapixel camera with flash makes law resist video
youtube hd at 1080p 720 pixels
we have the speaker that is really very strong we are almost at the levels of
knees let's say most famous with
there
of audio power
we have already created idea, 5 mm for her earphones
here is the door
the micro sd
on the right side we have
button lock display unlock button for metis camera side
left of the classic lung button
one thing i liked eheh
this door
that in metal
like the rest, the part
rear of the terminal this is really very comfortable as for the
phone
it's solid
I forget we don't have
no type of writing from time to time
we want the most interesting thing about the spectra display is scary once
that we mark it
we are kidnapped by his
definition that
brilliance you see
also a lot
from the fluid in the movements
now let's start right away what operational text f waka vs consists of operation
samsung booking let's say that linux based road is missing a standard
open
and its peculiarity makes itself a little android app
why
it's a kind of minogue at the top where it shows us all the notifications
that we have the possibility to enable quickly disable 24
2 medium bluetooth eclipse files
l interface custom on winzozz danzan kuduro let's say
insert all wind jet
while here we talk about the conga menu
our pages
I go
there is a dedicated app store called samsungapps where I can download
games and applications quite discreetly
updated
with the phone we lent asphalt 5
and I tried to download the apps. 2010 South Africa 2010 points
you show me images in php part 5 because
the quality of the game is excellent
I must say that we really are
map great levels with with these games
the display resolution 3
photo
4 so much for 800
rt colors of the game are
really brilliant
awesome lazialita
for comparison I went to naked whores
we have no homework for
ok let's go out
up from the mountain
to exit the application we can also exit tremendous l
therefore here
since achille multitasking to access multitasking we hold the
central button that we have our applications
let's go back to other interesting features for the reproduction of
video in dvx
up to 520 pixels
but these really very very convenient because
clearly we can
insert any video
view it let's see if
I have videos
all I hate her like
I'm
now the chocolate kiss like a spectacular rock festival here
here
blog
anyone want to video
this example free mixer
and even in this it is scilipoti
Yup
We can
the gift of the cardinals
beautiful prediction, but no good
ok
briefly to the 5 megapixel camera records hd videos
and the quality is in mp4 so excellent resolution I hate it
in hc with 30 fps resolution
in the menu we have all the main functions pedemonte feisbuk indexes
twitter youtube
we have the
distant messenger that is nothing but parlingo the pressure we say
for barter s navigator calculator
star defender recorder
the games of abuse
for a review for the depth of the appointment in the coming days
and anyway I must say that I stayed
injury of the purchase immediately - for every so I ignored it a little because
however I didn't believe much
on ultra thin silk because anyway when I saw it the first time
in barcelona it was still very immature and there were not many applications yet
but samsung did a really great job because
has gathered many developers
especially provided a budget
high and really believe a lot if this terminal then
I think that
you hahaha really a moratti tit magenta. the price of 399 euros.
really very interesting market
hello from tivoli terme photo
the u
It is